fix: allow paginating queries that return non scalars - DIA-29942 (#36)
dialoguemd/fastapi-sqla: README.md

    }
    ```

#### Paginating non-scalar results

> When query doesn't returned scalars, specify `scalars=False` when invoking `paginate`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To paginate a query which doesn't return scalars, specify `scalars=False` when invoking `paginate`:
```

Also, is scalar a known/common enough concept, or should we perhaps link to associated docs here?
